# Using Font Awesome

## The Font Awesome Pro NPM Package Token For This Project

`B84E0EC6-0C7D-4F50-BB68-5CD51303D40E`


## Installing Font Awesome Using NPM

Create a .npmrc file in the root of the folder and include:

`@fortawesome:registry=https://npm.fontawesome.com/
//npm.fontawesome.com/:_authToken=B84E0EC6-0C7D-4F50-BB68-5CD51303D40E`

For more information, reference: https://fontawesome.com/how-to-use/on-the-web/setup/using-package-managers


## The Font Awesome Account Created for this Project

Username: `jason.james@franklintempleton.com`
Password: `fontawesome2019`

This account was created to generate the token noted above.  This account manages the token.  The token can be regenerated by logging into the account, selecting the avatar in the top right hand corner to navigate to "Your Account".  See "Pro npm package token" to regenerate the token.

Please **do not regenerate the token without consulting the wider team**.

Please do not share the Font Awesome Pro account information above with anyone outside of this project.  

I wanted to provide not only the key, but also the account information, in case Franklin Templeton needs to access it in the future.


## The 'local-copy' directory in this directory

For purposes of reference and backup, I downloaded the pro and free font packages available today from Font Awesome and uploaded them to this folder.  These files should never need to be used, but I've uploaded them here for safe-keeping should there be any issues with the key in the future.  

Jason James
July 2019
